Oct 24: Austin
        I forgot to make journal entries before this so this is the start.
        So far me and danny have had difficulties setting up android studio and getting my galaxy s5 to run the app.
        Yesterday I got my github to work on my computer and push the code to the git from android studio.
        Today we are going to try and get the app to do something,
        and i’m gonna show danny what to do to get git working on his computer.


Oct 24: Danny
        Github has been set up on my computer and is good to go.
        I am currently following a tutorial at the website.


Oct 27:
        Got libGDX to work.
        had difficulties due to the fact that after switching to android studio we uninstalled eclipse and the android sdk. 


Oct 28:
        Got github to work with both accounts.


Oct 30:
        Added personal graphics to the app and set up our layout.


Nov 3:
        We learned about the problems faced when trying to find our game because of the name “MyGdxGame”.
        So we decided to change the name and icon.


Nov 4:
        Started working with image buttons and are trying to complete a tutorial.


Nov 6:
        We didn’t have much success with image buttons so at the recommendation of matt,
        we are switching to textbuttons and we are starting our scratch.


Nov 11:
        Completed tutorial for text buttons. Now we will replace our previous images with buttons.


Nov 12:
        Started integration of buttons into our main project. Worked on layout.


Nov 13:
        Made spritesheets for all of the buttons.


Nov 14:
        Worked on making buttons disappear when a button is clicked (included in current commit).
        We also attempted making a back button to return to the main screen, this is not working yet for the latest version.
        
Nov 17:
        Worked on back button function. We had to catch the back key and prevent the OS from using to exit the app.
         We also explored rumble.


Nov 21:
        We looked into the tutorials TheLazyTryHard has provided on his youtube channel.


Nov 24:
        We have started another scratch program for layouts.

Nov 26:
        Layouts have been frustrating and we cannot render so it is very difficult to do anything.


Nov 28:
        Austins computer undergoes vigorous surgery.


Dec 1:
        Transferred code from Danny’s laptop onto Austins tutorial is working.

Dec 2:
        Austin is starting work on using radio buttons,
        and getting buttons to switch images and danny is working on having separate activities.

Dec 4:
        We have everything on the screen and we have created two activities,
        but we still need to make everything work.

Dec 5:
        We have gotten the radio buttons working in a group,
        the button makes the image change but we have yet to figure out
        how to switch activities.

Dec 8:
        Austin updated and changed the gradle but danny hasn't so we will be having him update.


Dec 9:
        This update has broken Danny's gradle
        and what Austin did to fix his issues did not solve Danny's problems.

Dec 10:
        We still have yet to solve Danny's issue.
        He can code and can commit but he can not run anything.
        He has got what we think should work on his computer.

Dec 12
        We have determined that Danny's issue was not with the gradle but his registry
        I am going to just add his code to mine and try to get it working.
        I will have to separate them again later for a scratch.

Dec 15:
        Danny's computer is a hunk of shit.
        Also I got the menu working and I didn't feel like reading so I made a settings activity.

Dec 16:
        Put scratches in settings.

Dec 17:
        Added score.

Dec 19:
        Removed scratches from settings, made separate projects for each scratch.

Jan 6:
        Added sound.

Jan 7:
        Added images for next levels.

Jan 9:
        Scratches are in their own packages now.

Jan 12:
        Added XML.

Jan 13:
        Added better music. Added HTML.

Jan 14/15:
        Worked on powerpoint.

Jan 19:
        Fixed score.



